Name: Official HGNC Name or 'NA'.
ID: Unique identifier used for the human snoRNA Atlas.
Chromosome: Chromosome number.
Strand: Coding strand.
Gene start: Start of the snoRNA gene.
Gene end: End of the snoRNA gene.
Expression start: Start of most reads (from ENCODE tracks).
Expression end: End of most reads (from ENCODE tracks).
Alias Name: Alias name of snoRNA gene.
Type: Defines snoRNA type. Possible values are: 'CD' – C/D box snoRNA, 'HACA' – H/ACA box snoRNA, 'ALUACA' – H/ACA box snoRNA encoded in ALU repeat, 'sno-lncRNA' – long non-coding RNA with snoRNA ends, 'CD-SCARNA' – scaRNA with canonical C/D box snoRNA structure, 'HACA-SCARNA' – scaRNA with canonical H/ACA box snoRNA structure, 'Tandem-CD' – scaRNA with two C/D box snoRNAs in one transcript, 'Tandem-HACA' - scaRNA with two H/ACA box snoRNAs in one transcript , 'Hybrid' – scaRNA with C/D box snoRNA and H/ACA box snoRNA part in one transcript, 'SNORD-like' – transcript with C/D box snoRNA like features.
Source: Source of sequence. Possible values are: 'CD-box-like': detected through mining for snoRNA boxes in adequate distances (see Materials and Methods) , 'deepBase' - sequence from deepBase database (version or date), 'de novo': sequence predicted de novo, by snoReport or snoSeeker, 'GENCODE' : sequence from GENCODE (v17), 'HUGO': sequence from HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee (HGNC) (version or data), or sequence from one of the following references: 'PMID:22892240', 'PMID:23706177', 'PMID:24162733', 'PMID:24734784', 'PMID:25514182'.
Expression: Number of reads mapping to the snoRNA gene.
Host gene: SnoRNA encoded in intron of annotated host gene (from UCSC)
Overlapping gene: Gene annotation overlapping the snoRNA sequence (from UCSC).
Rfam ID: SnoRNA family identifier from RFAM as retrieved by Infernal1.0 search with snoRNA sequence used as query.
p-value: p-value of Infernal1.0 search describes how 'well' the sequence fits the covariance model.
RNA family name: RNA family name retrieved from RFAM.
RNA family: RNA family retrieved from RFAM.
Comment: Comment for the snoRNA sequence, concerning specialties about expression, function or features. Non-canonical functions are retrieved from Dupuis-Sandoval et al., WIREs RNA 2015. (PMID:25879954)
Conservation: The evolutionary conservation of the snoRNA sequence. So in which clades homologous snoRNA sequences could be detected with snoStrip.
Reported1 (R): Reported modification site for antisense element (ASE) in 5'- hairpin or adjacent to D-box. If no modification is reported value is: '-'.
Human1 (H): Best human target prediction with RNAsnoop or Plexy (see Materials and Methods). If no interaction between the snoRNA and considered target RNAs was predicted the value is 'NA'.
Conserved1 (C): Best conserved target prediction (according to Interaction Conservation Index (ICI)) (see Materials and Methods). If no conserved interaction between the snoRNA and considered target RNAs was predicted the value is 'NA'.
Selected1 (S): Selected target prediction (see Materials and Methods). The actual modified position is headed by the origin of the prediction, R displays that the selected target prediction is equal to the reported target prediction, C displays that the selected target prediction is equal to the conserved target prediction, and H displays that the selected target prediction is equal to the best human prediction.
ICI1: Interaction Conservation Index of selected target prediction. If no target was selected, because the ICI-thresholds where not passed, the ICI of the human and/or conserved target prediction is provided followed by (H) for human, (C) for conserved, or (CH) for conserved and human, to indicate the origin of the according ICI.
*1: Mark for novel, confident target prediction.
Reported2 (R): Reported modification site for ASE in 3'- hairpin or adjacent to D'-box. If no modification is reported value is: '-'.
Human2 (H): equivalent to Human1 (H)
Conserved2 (C): equivalent to Conserved1 (C)
Selected2 (S): equivalent to Selected1 (S)
ICI2: equivalent to ICI1
*2: equivalent to *1
Reported3 (R): Reported modification site for antisense element (ASE) in tandem/hybrid -SCARNA. If no modifictaion is reported value is: '-'.
Human3 (H): equivalent to Human1 (H)
Conserved3 (C): equivalent to Conserved1 (C)
Selected3 (S): equivalent to Selected1 (S)
ICI3: equivalent to ICI1
*3: equivalent to *1
Reported4 (R): Reported modification site for antisense element (ASE) in tandem/hybrid -SCARNA. If no modifictaion is reported value is: '-'.
Human4 (H): equivalent to Human1 (H)
Conserved4 (C): equivalent to Conserved1 (C)
Selected4 (S): equivalent to Selected1 (S)
ICI4: equivalent to ICI1
*4: equivalent to *1
